Student Admission for College (SyncCET)

Need to prepare a console application for the student admission process.

Main menu:
1.Student Registration
2. Student Login
3.Department-wise Seat Availability
4. Exit

1. Student Registration:
Ask and get the details below from the student.
StudentName
FatherName
DOB
Gender - Enum (Select, Male, Female, Transgender)
EmaillD
Physics
Chemistry
Maths

After getting all above details create student object and add to students list and Show "Student
Registered Successfully and StudentID is

2. Student Login:

· Ask and get the StudentID, check if the student ID is there in the students list.
If it is not available in the students list Display "Invalid StudentID. Please enter the valid
one", Then return to main menu.
. If it is valid, display the following submenu:
a. Check Eligibility
b. Show Student Details
Take Admission
c.

d. Cancel Admission
e. Show Admission History
f. Exit

Check Eligibility:

Check if the student's average mark is 75.0 in Physics, Chemistry, and Math.
· If yes, display "Student is eligible."
· If no, display "Student is not eligible."

b. Show Details:

Display the details of the currently logged-in student.

c. Take Admission:

Display departments details by the departments list
Ask and get the DepartmentID from the student.
Check if the DepartmentID is present in the departments list.
o If DepartmentID is not present, then shows "Invalid DepartmentID"
If a DepartmentID is present, then check if the student is eligible using the Check
Eligibility method.
If student is not eligible display:" You are not eligible"
If a student is eligible check if seats are available in the chosen department.
If seats are not available, display: "Sorry, the seat count is filled".
If seats are available, verify if the student has already taken admission by traversing the
Admissions list.
If the student has already taken admission, show:
"You have already taken admission", then return to submenu.
If the student has not taken admission:
Reduce the seat count in the departments list.
Create an Admission Details object and change the AdmissionStatus is (Booked)
Add to the admissions to the admissions list.
Finally show "Admission took successfully. Your admission ID - SF3001".

d Cansal Admieeinn.

a.